feat: group authorization plugin (#111)
defenseunicorns/uds-identity-config: README.md

## Customizing UDS Identity Config

If the default realm, plugin, theme, truststore, or jars do not provide enough functionality ( or provide too much functionality ), take a look at the [CUSTOMIZE.md](./docs/CUSTOMIZE.md) docs for making changes to the identity config.

## Upgrading Identity Config

### From v0.4.5 to v0.5.0

This version upgrade brings in a new Authentication Flow for group authorization.

> If upgrading without a full redeploy of identity-config the following steps will be necessary to create and use group authorization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If upgrading without a full redeploy of keycloak the following steps will be necessary to create and use group authorization:
```

nit, but I think technically redeploying keycloak/recreating the realm is the key here?

Author: updated
